Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will implement our purchase service, and once we already have our service
methods, we will just call them like the rest and point.
So in one of the previous lessons, we described our purchase service in this lesson.
We will call it from the controller and we will map our API requests to do it.
First of all, we will create a purchase historic control class.
To define purchases, such a controller as a control or class, we will add risk, control and attention
to it, then we can add requires nothing.
In addition to add prepared for all methods on purchase historic control.
For example, here, if we add API purchase history as it prepared to access the methods under the purchase
historic controller, we need to start with the API purchase history.
Later, we will call purchase history service for dependency injection, we can use autopilot in spring.
OK, now we can create our API Matus, our first method will be save purchase history in the wrest control
or we will define every method with response and consolation for our save purchase history method.
We will reach form data of leakiest with request by the annotation, with using tricuspid annotation.
We can reach form data.
Our mapping request method will be post mapping.
And the appetite will be like a pie slash courtesy story, because we describe it as good or bad on
Golos level.
And finally, we will call our Curtis' same method from the purchase history service.
And return, OK, that's.
OK, that's all about to save matters, our last method will be get all purchases off, use it in this
method.
We want to call all purchases of the authenticated user.
So here we need to access the authenticated user.
How can we reach the old antiquated user in the spring security?
That is the important question.
We can access to authenticated users in spring security with three ways.
First one is so simple are authenticated.
User is in the security context.
So we can get back from that.
You can ask me, will this security context be set on after request?
No.
If you remember, we said authentication with filters and filters work before requests.
Secondly, we can reach it from HTTP requests.
HTTP request has a special fields' for it.
User details object is also certain to HTTP request by cybering security.
And finally, my favorite one is authentication principle.
Spring has a specific annotation for it so we can easily reach the authenticated user from controls
that circle, isn't it?
Now let's return to our code so we will get the current user from authentication principle as a parameter.
This will be a get my point and the API part will be the same meticulous level, prioritized mapping.
Finally, return the body with OK, htp statis.
OK, that's all about purchase history to control or implementation.
Thank you.